about approximately
abstract summary
accomplish achieve
administer manage
admit confess
animated lively
annoy bother
anyway besides
apparent obvious
apple iphone
applicable relevant
ardour passion
arise occur
aromatic fragrant
association organization
assure guarantee
away absent
backbone spine
bad poor
ballot poll
begin start
behave act
belly stomach
bendy flexible
beneficent generous
beneficial favourable
bid tender
bizarre weird
blameless innocent
bloodbath massacre
bloodless cold
branch department
brave courageous
brow forehead
bum backside
business commerce
categorize classify
cheesy corny
choosy picky
chop cut
chorus refrain
citation quotation
cite quote
class lesson
clerk receptionist
clever intelligent
close shut
coiffure hairstyle
collect gather
coke cola
comfort consolation
comic comedian
commencement graduation
complete total
concord harmony
condemn sentence
confederate accomplice
confine restrict
conflict clash
conform	comply
considerate thoughtful
constant fixed
constitution structure
construction interpretation
contemporary modern
contrary opposite
convention conference
convey communicate
correct right
couch sofa
crook criminal
crusade campaign
cube dice
curative healing
curler roller
dash sprint
daybreak dawn
dear love
deceptive misleading
decontrol deregulate
dedicated committed
deduce infer
defective faulty
deliberate planned
delicate fragile
denationalize privatize
denims jeans
denote indicate
depraved evil
desert abandon
destiny fate
devil satan
dicey risky
differentiate distinguish
diminish decrease
disadvantaged deprived
disagreeable unpleasant
disappear vanish
disaster catastrophe
disclaim deny
disclose reveal
discount reduction
disgrace shame
dossier file
dubious doubtful
dull stupid
eager keen
earth soil
economic profitable
egocentric selfish
elevate raise
emphasize stress
enormous huge
enquire investigate
equity fairness
evaluate assess
everlasting eternal
exactly precisely
extra additional
fabricate manufacture
famous fame
fanatic enthusiast
fantastic brilliant
fish seafood
float drift
fool idiot
foolish silly
foretell predict
formerly previously
fortunate lucky
foxy cunning
foyer lobby
fragrance perfume
function operate
garbage	rubbish
gay homosexual
glitter sparkle
grab seize
grasping greedy
gratuity tip
gravestone headstone
grouse grumble
gut intestine
hall corridor
hard tough
hashish cannabis
hawk peddle
hazard endanger
hearsay rumour
hermetic airtight
hint trace
hole gap
home domestic
homicide murder
housebreaking burglary
hunger starvation
hurry rush
hypothesis speculation
idler loafer
ignore disregard
illiberal intolerant
illuminate clarify
illustrate demonstrate
imagine	suppose
imitate mimic
immediate instant
immobile motionless
immoderate excessive
immodest conceited
impact affect
impartial neutral
impasse	deadlock
impeach question
impediment obstacle
imperative vital
impolite rude
inconsiderate thoughtless
infamous notorious
infantile childish
infect contaminate
inflexible rigid
inflow influx
infrequent rare
inheritor heir
insolvent bankrupt
inspect examine
instinct intuition
instructions directions
insufferable unbearable
insufficient inadequate
insurgent rebel
intellectual mental
intend mean
intensify heighten
interplay interaction
inventory stock
invoice bill
involve entail
invest investor
isolated lonely
jealous envious
joy delight
last final
leading main
learn memorize
legitimate valid
lethal deadly
liveable habitable
livid furious
loopy crazy
lucid clear
madness insanity
magician conjuror
magnify exaggerate
maintain preserve
manmade artificial
mannequin model
maybe perhaps
measure degree
meeting assembly
mendacity lying
merciless cruel
middleman intermediary
midway halfway
migrate emigrate
mild gentle
mind intellect
mindless senseless
mirror reflect
misconceive misunderstand
miserable depressing
misery distress
misread misinterpret
mistrust distrust
moderately reasonably
movie film
naked bare
nameless anonymous
napkin serviette
narrative story
native local
near approach
necessary essential
nightfall dusk
nominate appoint
noon midday
notify inform
notwithstanding however
nugatory worthless
numerous many
ocean sea
obdurate stubborn
object thing
obligatory compulsory
oblique indirect
ornament decoration
outside external
overhaul overtake
overlook miss
overseas abroad
oversee supervise
painting portray
particular specific
passable satisfactory
pattern sample
peaceable peaceful
perception insight
phantasm illusion
poisonous toxic
possibility opportunity
practically virtually
praise compliment
precedence priority
precept principle
pressing urgent
prosperous affluent
provide supply
quake tremble
receive get
religious devout
remainder rest
remark comment
reminiscence memory
remorse regret
removable detachable
renew resume
respond	reply
revolting disgusting
sacristy vestry
satisfied convinced
scarcity shortage
scrumptious delicious
second moment
selection choice
signal sign
significant meaningful
sincere honest
skull cranium
sky space
spotlight highlight
steady regular
suggest propose
sundown sunset
sure certain
surroundings environment
survive outlive
symbolize represent
tailored tailor-made
temper mood
testament testimony
today nowadays
torpid lethargic
touchdown landing
touchy sensitive
transform convert
transitory temporary
trustworthy reliable
twister tornado
twosome pair
uncooked raw
undeniable indisputable
understandable comprehensible
unforeseen unexpected
unfortunate unlucky
unhurt unharmed
unlawful illegal
unmarried single
unstated unspoken
untimely premature
untrue unfaithful
unusual strange
unvoiced voiceless
uprising rebellion
usually generally
vacancy emptiness
vacuum hoover
vague indistinct
vain useless
vanquish conquer
vary differ
virtue advantage
windows microsoft
winery vineyard
withstand resist
zenith peak